## module 3;

ex00:
- class models a game entitiy ;
- object has a state defined by attributes;
	these state change throuh member functions: data and actiond on data;
--> implementation of C.O.F.: construction. obj initial state;
	methods:
- attack()->action - changes the state of an object (decrease energy points)
- takedamage()-> reduces hitpoints to min 0 if damage: state degradation
- berepaired()-> increases hitpoints if enough energy to be reduced: state changes
->main()
	- This verifies that objects can be created in different ways
	- checks that an already existing object can receive the state of another object through the assignment operator.
	- repeated actions consume energy
	- checks whether a dead ClapTrap is prevented from repairing
	- checks repair in normal state with fresh obj
	- testing the energy limit: once energy is exhausted, further actions must fail

The object behavior depends on its internal state, especially hit points and energy points.


ex01: building new class on top of the existing one

concept-> Construction chain: 
 for derived object, constructor creates first base-class part;
 the child class doesn't inherit automatically cosntrucor, it calls parent class contructor;

-> for attributes to be available to child classes we use 'protect' keyword instead of 'private';
-> derived obj reuses parents class data and methods instead of duplicating them.
-> so it's basically like one object but with layers
In modern C++, you could write:

void attack(const std::string &target) override;

But in older C++, override still happens even if you do not write the keyword.

ex03: introduces multiple inheritance- > virtual inharitance
	classic diamond inheritance shape.
 - multiple inheritance creates ambiguity
 	concept: class can inherit traits from more derived classes-> trait composition.
 	- it has 2 Names: it's own and inherited to show that an obj has his own
 	identity but also a base one.
 -> derived class may keep its own state while also managing inherited state explicitly

 conflict resolution between parent classes: in multiple inherit. u don't take the whole block,
 but the parent's version is chosen -> attack() from ScavTrap class.
 so : it is a ClapTrap class with with data and behaviout from child classes available while
 having it's own identity.
  -> WhoAmI() clearly tests the multiple identity tracking.

  virtual: solves duplicate base subobject ambiguity -> one shared ClapTrap base
  explicit qualification solves same-function-name ambiguity

  Once ClapTrap is virtual base -> hybrid class must contruct it

04:

 ## Polymorphism:
 - it can instruct how to use specific memeber functions of the base class; here comes a virtual function -> therefore also a virtual destructor.
modern features here:
	- override / = default for contructors / std::unique_ptr-> manual memory menagement (raw pointers)
	- direct memeber init.
	these keywords force compiler to fire warnings if syntax is wrong.
	- auto main() -> int

STATIC/EARLY BINDING VS DYNAMIC/LATE BIDING

-> UPCASTING: allocating an instance of a subclass with a pointer of a baseclass.
	That done, the compiler reads it as an Baseclass

-> V-Table: created virtual table with virtual fucntion. letting the compiler check what is the class of the object, even though the pointer is Baseclass. This way it dinamically binds it to subclass::virtualfunvtion();
Memory gets saftely cleared because it calles the sublass destructor as well.
so VIRTUAL makes the compiler check the structure beneahe the syntax.

Static binding - > without virtual

ex01: memory menagement -> Composition & Deep Copy.
	we are working with a pointer *Brain, that two subclasses contain.

concept:
	1- Composition: Has-A Relationship.
	menas combining smaller objects to create a complex one.

	2 - Shallow copy trap: by deafault copy two objects can share the same
		memory address, after tryint ot delete the pointer _brain, it will cause a double-free.
		Deep copy allows to allocate new memory for an object that you copy content into: 
		 - menas allocate a brand new instance of Brain and copy
		the contents using.
		 - also for the assignment we ensure to copy values inside brain,
		 not just swap pointers.

		 we have 2 arrays:
	1- Brain arr[]: tests DEEP COPY-> exercise teaches how to copy big data from one heap allocation to another, without sharing pointers.
	2- pointers arr[]: tests polymorphic destruction: putting two subclass
	objs into generic array, then loop to delete: no leaks of brain because
	base class destructor is virtual.
	Also, this array avoids Object-slicing -> compiler would remove brain from the subclass in order to fit it into a smaller size slot made from base Animal class. While arr of pointers are all memory address size pointing to differnet objs.

concept: Delegation.

Brain: owns raw data ->  array strings (ideas)

Dog: messanger -> it receives the idea and passes to brain

ex02: Abstract base class 

	generic class that has one pure virtual function: it's incomplete and cannot exist as an object;
	- gives shared the design and sometimes implementaion


ex03: interface vs abstract

	patterns: 

	1 - PROTOTYPE PATTERN (cloning) : polymorphic copy for abstract base classes without knowing the type:
	-> the object must copy itself according to its real runtime type.

	USE OF BASE POINTERS*
	program handles materias thorugh base-class pointers, that way one invenotry can hold different derived types, as long as it's coming from a base one:
		AMaateria* m;

	problem - real type is hidden behind base pointer, needs a way to copy it.
		when we want to clone the pointer we create another Ice - but must perserve the real dynamic type:
	THIS MEANS: if we declare AMateria copy; - we are changing the derived object value to a base object, it must remain Ice object that the pointer is pointing to, not a base-class object. again - OBJECT SLICING, because the derived-class specific identity gets lost, only base-class gets copied.
	Vut also because abstract class can't be instantiated.



	2 - interface-based design class - defines rules for other concrete classes - functions that are a must.

concept: inventory menagement and Factory pattern

1 - character class  - fixed-size array pattern
	equip() - fills first empty slot(NULL)
	unequip() - set slots to null - doesn't delete (x caller)
	use() - calls materia->use()
	deep copy cleanup old one first

2 - Materiasource class - type-based creaton
	learnmateria() - sotres clone as template
	creatematria() - returns clone of templete by type




	
	




